This folder contains the AsciiDoc source file used to produce the HTML, XML (DOCBOOK), EPUB, MOBI and PDF output.


**LATEST NEWS:**  
[Dec-26-2018] Revision 281 (TP 3.3.4) was just published in all formats. See [change history](https://github.com/krlawrence/graph/blob/master/ChangeHistory.md) for details.    

## Releases and change history

The most recent changes and additions are now being tracked in the [change history](https://github.com/krlawrence/graph/blob/master/ChangeHistory.md) file.

**A special note about releases**

Starting with revision 274 (Dec 24 2017), all of the output files (XML, EPUB, MOBI, HTML and PDF) will now be stored using Git releases. Going forward, this should reduce the amount of disk space required for people who create forks of this project. The releases are located [here](https://github.com/krlawrence/graph/releases).

NOTE: In order to prune the unwanted files from the project, as part of the v274 release,  the commit history for the output files had to be removed. If you had previously cloned or forked this project please create a new clone or fork. Sorry for the inconvenience but this will get you back approximately 60% (27+ mb) of the disk space that was being taken up and will help anyone else making a clone.

**About the files in this folder**

You can browse the 'Gremlin-Graph-Guide.adoc' file directly from within the GitHub (web interface) and it will work but you will not get the full color coding and other niceties that are present in the HTML and PDF versions as they have been run through an AsciiDoc processor and had various style sheets and code pretty printers applied. Your mileage may vary but I find the HTML version to be the most pleasing to read. The '.adoc' file will always contain the most recent updates. The other formats (HTML,DocBook,PDF,ePub and MOBI) will be generated once there are enough updates to make it worthwhile generating a 'release'. If you want to build the output format files yourself they can be generated by running the 'make-book.sh' script. The script assumes you have Asciidoctor installed (which is a Ruby Gem) as well as Pygments.rb (another Ruby Gem). To do the conversion to MOBI and EPUB the script assumes that Calibre and Pandoc are installed. I have successfuly built the book on several Linux distros including Ubuntu, CentOS and Red Hat. I have successfully used Asciidoctor on Mac OS as well but I always use Linux to produce the EPUB abd MOBI versions.

To read the HTML file please either downloaded it to your computer or visit http://kelvinlawrence.net/book/Gremlin-Graph-Guide.html as it is too big for Git to display inside its web user interface. 

To view the PDF please either download it and use a PDF viewer or visit http://kelvinlawrence.net/book/Gremlin-Graph-Guide.pdf

The XML (DOCBOOK) file is generated using Asciidoctor and can be viewed on Linux using the Yelp tool among many others or used to produce other formats. The EPUB and MOBI files can be viewed using most popular e-book readers and some browsers.

Please note that the DOCBOOK, EPUB and MOBI format files currently do not have all of the nice source code highlighting and colors that the HTML and PDF versions have.


**ARCHIVED NEWS:**  
[Jul-28-2018] Revision 280 (TP 3.3.3) was just published in all formats. See [change history](https://github.com/krlawrence/graph/blob/master/ChangeHistory.md) for details.    
[May-29-2018] Revision 279 (TP 3.3.3) was just published in all formats. See [change history](https://github.com/krlawrence/graph/blob/master/ChangeHistory.md) for details.    
[Mar-28-2018] Revision 278 (TP 3.3.1) was just published in all formats. See [change history](https://github.com/krlawrence/graph/blob/master/ChangeHistory.md) for details.  
[Feb-11-2018] Revision 277 was just published in all formats. See [change history](https://github.com/krlawrence/graph/blob/master/ChangeHistory.md) for details. 
[Jan-12-2018] Revision 276 was just plublished in all formats. Many updates to book and samples.  
[Jan-12-2018] Based on feedback I have decided to rename the book "Practical Gremlin" (see issue #29)  
[Jan-03-2018] Revision 275 was just published in all formats. Lots of updates to book and sample code.  
[Dec-24-2017] Revision 274 was just published in all formats. Now using releases to store output files.   
[Dec-12-2017] Revision 273 was just published in all formats. Fixes issue #12. Also added additonal clarifications.  
[Nov-23-2017] Revision 272 was just published in all formats. Many updates to sections 3 and 4.  
[Nov-03-2017] Revision 271 was just published in all formats. Several improvements and additions.  
[Oct-27-2017] Revision 270 was just published in all formats. Fixes issue #6 and adds more to Janus section.  
[Oct-23-2017] Quite a lot has been added to the Janus Graph section - more to come soon.  
[Oct-15-2017] Experimental - The /book folder now includes DOCBOOK, EPUB and MOBI format versions of the book.  
[Oct-11-2017] I improved the section that introduces the 'repeat' step.  
[Oct-10-2017] Several sections have been improved, I also made updates to reflect changes made in Tinkerpop 3.3
